Egypt's ancient history is familiar to
everyone I'm very proud of my heritage
but there's more to this beautiful
country than its past
my name is Farid Calliope and I am an
SPG member
the red sea of the some of the best
year-round watersports conditions
anywhere in the world
kite surfing is what brings new year
the kite schools at Saguna have all the
latest tips so you don't need to bring
it on there's a great vibe with plenty
of kite surfers to lend a hand and of
course create some healthy competition
okay ready
after an exhilarating day on the water I
love to take in the sunsets with the
Sinai Mountains as a backdrop the
beaches at Zuma Bay are a really special
place on lines I always look forward to
getting together with new friends and
enjoying food at one of the local
restaurants everything is so fresh and
delicious I'm tempted to stay out late
but I've got something exciting planned
for tomorrow I'm heading out early with
a good friend for a different kind of
Red Sea adventure I didn't know but
there's excellency around fishing
as well as making a catch I discovered
their other fantastic reasons to be out
on the water
the Red Sea isn't the only attraction on
this coastline head inland and there's a
spectacular landscape to be explored as
an adventure junkie
what biking is definitely my thing
with the desert being so dark the night
sky can be breathtaking it's easy to
lose yourself in great conversation or
just contemplate the universe above